---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "Marking Category"
subcategory: "Markings"
description: |-
  Data source for reading a Foundry Marking Category.

---
# Marking Category (Data Source)

Data source for reading a Foundry Marking Category.

```terraform
data "foundry_marking_category" "example" {
  id = "example-marking-category-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the Marking Category. For user-created categories, this will be a UUID. (Required for data source lookup.)

### Read-Only

- `category_type` (String) The type of the Marking Category. Either CONJUNCTIVE or DISJUNCTIVE. CONJUNCTIVE (and) means a user must have access to all of markings from the category which are applied to a resource to access that resource. DISJUNCTIVE (or) means a user must have access to at least one marking from the category which are applied to a resource to access that resource. All user-created categories will be CONJUNCTIVE.
- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user who created this Marking Category.
- `created_time` (String) The time at which this Marking Category was created.
- `description` (String) Description of the Marking Category.
- `initial_permissions` (Attributes) The initial permissions to be applied when creating the Marking Category. Any changes to this field after Marking Category creation will not be applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_permissions))
- `marking_type` (String) The type of markings in this category. Either CBAC (classification-based access control) or MANDATORY. All user-created categories will be MANDATORY.
- `name` (String) Name of the Marking Category.

<a id="nestedatt--initial_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_permissions`

Read-Only:

- `is_public` (Boolean) If true, all users who are members of at least one of the Organizations from organization_rids can view the Markings in the category. If false, only users who are explicitly granted the VIEW role can view the Markings in the category.
- `organization_rids` (Set of String) The RIDs of the organizations that have access to this Marking Category.
- `roles` (Attributes Set) The initial set of Role Assignments to be applied when creating the Marking Category. At least one role assignment with the ADMINISTER role must be provided. The following Roles can be assigned: ADMINISTER (can manage the category) or VIEW (can view markings in the category). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_permissions--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--initial_permissions--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_permissions.roles`

Read-Only:

- `principal_id` (String) The ID of the principal (user or group) to assign the role to.
- `role` (String) The role to assign. Must be either ADMINISTER or VIEW.
