---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "foundry_project Data Source - foundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for reading a Foundry Project.
---

# foundry_project (Data Source)

Data source for reading a Foundry Project.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "foundry_project" "example" {
  rid = "ri.foundry.main.project.example-project-rid"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rid` (String) RID of the Project. (Required for data source lookup.)

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the Project.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the Project.
- `initial_organizations` (Set of String) The initial list of Organizations to be applied when creating the Project. Any changes to this field after Project creation will not be applied; instead, use the project_organizations resource to manage Organizations.
- `initial_resource_roles` (Attributes Set) The initial set of Roles to be applied when creating the Project. Any changes to this field after Project creation will not be applied; instead, use the project_resource_roles resource to manage Roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_resource_roles))
- `space_rid` (String) RID of the Space that this Project belongs to.
- `trash_status` (String) Current trash status of the Project.

<a id="nestedatt--initial_resource_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_resource_roles`

Read-Only:

- `resource_role_principal` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_resource_roles--resource_role_principal))
- `role_id` (String) The unique ID for a Role.

<a id="nestedatt--initial_resource_roles--resource_role_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_resource_roles.resource_role_principal`

Read-Only:

- `principal_id` (String) The ID of a Foundry Group or User.
- `principal_type` (String) Enum values: USER, GROUP.
- `type` (String)
