---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "foundry_space Data Source - foundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for reading a Foundry Space.
---

# foundry_space (Data Source)

Data source for reading a Foundry Space.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "foundry_space" "example" {
  rid = "ri.foundry.main.space.example-space-rid"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `rid` (String) RID of the Space. (Required for data source lookup.)

### Read-Only

- `default_role_set_id` (String) The ID of the default Role Set for this Space, which defines the set of roles that Projects in this Space must use. If not provided, the default Role Set for Projects will be used.
- `deletion_policy_organizations` (Set of String) By default, this Space will use a Last Out deletion policy, meaning that this Space and its projects will be deleted when the last Organization listed here is deleted.
- `description` (String) Description of the Space.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the Space.
- `enrollment_rid` (String) RID of the Enrollment that this Space belongs to. This field required if the resource is created within Terraform, but not if created outside of Terraform and imported.
- `filesystem_id` (String) The ID of the Filesystem for this Space, which is where the contents of the Space are stored. If not provided, the default Filesystem for this Enrollment will be used.
- `organizations` (Set of String) List of the RIDs of the Organizations that are provisioned access to this Space. In order to access this Space, a user must be a member of at least one of these Organizations.
- `path` (String) Path of the Space.
- `usage_account_rid` (String) The RID of the Usage Account for this Space. Resource usage for projects in this space will accrue to this Usage Account by default. If not provided, the default Usage Account for this Enrollment will be used.
