---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "foundry_project Resource - terraform-provider-foundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Foundry project.
---

# foundry_project (Resource)

Manages a Foundry project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Display name of the organization.
- `planned_markings` (Set of String) Planned set of markings associated with this project.
- `planned_organizations` (Set of String) planned organizations associated to this project
- `planned_role_resources` (Set of Object) Planned set of role resources for this project (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--planned_role_resources))
- `space_rid` (String) Rid of the space this project belongs to.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the marking.

### Read-Only

- `markings` (Set of String) Actual set of markings associated with this project, computed after successful addition/removal of markings.
- `organizations` (Set of String) Actual organizations associated to this project, computed after successful addition/removal of organizations
- `rid` (String) Identifier of the project.
- `role_resources` (Set of Object) Actual set of role resources for this project, computed after successful addition/removal of role resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--role_resources))
- `trash_status` (String) Current trash status of the project.

<a id="nestedatt--planned_role_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `planned_role_resources`

Required:

- `resource_role_principal` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--planned_role_resources--resource_role_principal))
- `role_id` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--planned_role_resources--resource_role_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `planned_role_resources.resource_role_principal`

Required:

- `principal_id` (String)
- `principal_type` (String)
- `type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--role_resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_resources`

Read-Only:

- `resource_role_principal` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--role_resources--resource_role_principal))
- `role_id` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--role_resources--resource_role_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `role_resources.resource_role_principal`

Read-Only:

- `principal_id` (String)
- `principal_type` (String)
- `type` (String)
