---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
# template basis poached from https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/blob/main/internal/provider/template.go#L246
page_title: "Palantir Foundry Marking"
subcategory: "Markings"
---
# Marking

Manages a [Marking](https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/security/markings/).

  The following operations are currently supported:

    - Create a Marking
    - Update a Marking
    - Import a Marking

    Note: the provider does not support deleting a Marking. Additionally, a Marking's categoryId is immutable after creation.

```terraform
resource "foundry_marking" "example-marking" {
  name        = "Example Marking name"
  description = "Example Marking description"
  category_id = "example-marking-category-id"
  initial_role_assignments = {
    "ADMINISTER" = ["example-user-id"]
    "DECLASSIFY" = ["example-user-id"]
    "USE"        = ["example-group-id"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category_id` (String) The ID of a Marking Category. For user-created Categories, this will be a UUID. Markings associated with Organizations are placed in a category with ID "Organization". This field is immutable after creation.
- `initial_role_assignments` (Map of Set of String) Map of Role to set of Principal IDs for the initial role assignments. Any changes to this field after Marking creation will not be applied; instead, use the marking_role_assignments resource to manage Role Assignments. The following Roles can be assigned to a Marking: 
 - ADMINISTER: The user can add and remove members from the Marking, update Marking Role Assignments, and change Marking metadata.
 - DECLASSIFY: The user can remove the Marking from resources in the platform and stop the propagation of the Marking during a transform.
 - USE: The user can apply the Marking to resources in the platform.
- `name` (String) Name of the Marking.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the Marking.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID of the Marking.