---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
# template basis poached from https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs/blob/main/internal/provider/template.go#L246
page_title: "Palantir Foundry Project"
subcategory: "Projects"
---
# Project

Manages a [Project](https://www.palantir.com/docs/foundry/security/projects-and-roles/).
The following operations are currently supported:

- Create a Project
- Update a Project
- Delete a Project
- Import a Project

This resource respects the `delete_mode` provider-level flag.

```terraform
resource "foundry_project" "example-project" {
  display_name = "Example Project name"
  space_rid    = "ri.compass.main.folder.example-space-rid"
  initial_organizations = ["example-organization-rid"]
  initial_principal_roles = {
    "example-project-role-id" = {
      groups = ["example-group-id"]
      users  = ["example-user-id"]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Display name of the Project.
- `space_rid` (String) RID of the Space that this Project belongs to.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the Project.
- `initial_organizations` (Set of String) The initial list of Organizations to be applied when creating the Project. Any changes to this field after Project creation will not be applied; instead, use the project_organizations resource to manage Organizations.
- `initial_principal_roles` (Attributes Map) The initial map of principal Role assignments to be applied when creating the Project. Keys are Role IDs, values are objects with groups and users sets. Any changes to this field after Project creation will not be applied; instead, use the project_resource_roles resource to manage Roles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_principal_roles))

### Read-Only

- `rid` (String) RID of the Project.
- `trash_status` (String) Current trash status of the Project.

<a id="nestedatt--initial_principal_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_principal_roles`

Optional:

- `groups` (Set of String) Set of Group IDs assigned to this role.
- `users` (Set of String) Set of User IDs assigned to this role.